c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\bin\Debug\Invaders.exe.config
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\View\AnimatedImage.g.cs
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\View\Invaders.g.cs
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\Invaders_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\Invaders_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\bin\Debug\Invaders.exe
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\bin\Debug\Invaders.pdb
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\View\StarControl.g.cs
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\View\AnimatedImage.baml
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\View\Invaders.baml
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\View\StarControl.baml
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\Invaders.g.resources
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\Invaders.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\Invaders.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\Invaders.exe
c:\users\innovergent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\Invaders.pdb
C:\Users\InnoVergent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\Invaders.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\InnoVergent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\bin\Debug\Invaders.exe.manifest
C:\Users\InnoVergent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\bin\Debug\Invaders.application
C:\Users\InnoVergent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\Invaders.exe.manifest
C:\Users\InnoVergent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Invaders\Invaders\obj\Debug\Invaders.application
